[improve][doc] SEO for Pulsar IO (#676)
apache/pulsar-site: docs/io-develop.md

id: io-develop
title: How to develop Pulsar connectors
sidebar_label: "Develop"

> description: Get started to develop Pulsar connectors to move data between Pulsar and other systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to develop Pulsar connectors to move data between Pulsar and other systems.
```

### Sink

> To develop a sink connector, you need to implement the {@inject: github:open:/pulsar-io/core/src/main/java/org/apache/pulsar/io/core/Sink.java} method and the {@inject: github:write:/pulsar-io/core/src/main/java/org/apache/pulsar/io/core/Sink.java} method, essentially implementing the {@inject: github:Sink:/pulsar-io/core/src/main/java/org/apache/pulsar/io/core/Sink.java} interface.

Reviewer: Why change the order of two Java files? The original logic looks good.
